hey guys what's up its eigen physique
and today I'm here with a micro
partition update video where we
discussing some stuff that wasn't really
announced I mean it was public
information part of it but when I'm
first firstly don't you dare tell me
that's not a word first these word might
actually be weird i'm not too sure
anyway first off i'm going to be talking
about some crafting information so shout
out to tie-dye videos thank i want to
thank you very much want to thank him
much much for providing me with this
little video so right here I'm he is
getting or I'm getting or whoever the
player Steve is getting some survival
stuff and plates close attention when he
opens the cabin table you can see okay
the iron sword usually iron sword is way
down there below would below stone and
iron and gold there diamond but iron
swords at the top along with shears
because it is able to be crafted so to
speed things up you're able to you know
get your iron sword crafted right off
the bat I mean as you can see that I
don't know if you noticed it but at the
end there when he um hit when he acts
like once he crafted the arms were
disappeared because it was no longer be
enabled it was not able to be crafted um
so that is really really amazing for
quite a few reasons so the main I mean
the reason they did it is because huh
they wanted to speed up crafting so
basically he went ahead and you know
took the he was able to craft instead of
having to scroll through it he was
instantly able to just get that iron
sword crafted and right here you can see
as he crafts things more items up here
and disappears so he just made he's
about to make some wood planks and as he
makes them look at all the stuffs just
appeared there's stairs there's sticks
there's chapters and since he has
diamond the diamond tools are at the top
along with wood because those are all
able to be crafted iron as a diamond
armors at the top and set up at the
bottom block of diamonds above the block
of iron and gold coal block is able to
be crafted at the top because he has all
the coal as you can see he's going to
craft let's see um yeah so now that he's
made all the damn blocks he can it's all
it's disappeared
now they made the coal blocks it's down
to zero I guess coal blocks are actually
located at the top um let's see maybe
I'll craft something dymond yep so as
you see has no um the diamond hoe would
be located at the bottom but instead it
is right there able to be crafted so
that's enough with that hopefully you
guys enjoyed that right there it's
really amazing that they added that I
think I think is really cool it's good
for me because of hunger games and stuff
but haven't you seen this to beat here
he says I know the height limit is not
that much in mcpe but are you going to
be adding I need to buy new biomes or
jungle biomes to set 0.7 by nine and Jeb
replies with Tom and me are planning on
adding most of the new 1.7 biomes not
those exact words but that's basically
what he says so here are some pictures
of some of the sorry about I'm going to
cough some of the new biomes that are in
1.7 pc that's a mega taiga biome and
here is a clay crap I don't know the
name of this but it's sort of like a
desert but using them the hardened clay
blocks and so I'm guessing they will add
this because it's not that difficult to
generate it's really just hills with
very rare trees um we should also mean
they're adding stained clay Tupac
edition soon so these 1.7 biomes are
just came in Minecraft PC and so they
are planning on adding them in 0.7 point
as you're both one of my thermo 0.9 that
is amazing and then here is like the
it's like a it's um Sahara I think
Sahara it's like a Plains biome but like
an African style so if you see off in
the distance there there's trees that
have I farted that was awesome i hope
that's real cool hope that's recorded
right um there yeah the trees are like
bent and stuff and that's really really
cool how they have all that so um
something's up start like I said the
beginning they're at it they have the
new crafting menu or crafting not really
a menu but new crafting set up to where
if you have available items for crafting
something that item will appear at the
top of the list um and that's really
amazing so for me how that affects me
the most is if you're in Hunger Games
and you want to hurry up like somebody's
chasing you and you have a wood sword
but in your inventory you have two
diamonds in a stick guys chasing you
hot on pursuit you run to the center you
find a check crap table you can click it
click on the tools and thing and you're
instantly able to make that diamond
sword you don't have to scroll down to
the bottom it probably saves a good
three or four seconds which is
definitely enough time for that guy
chasing you to kill you that is really
amazing about it that in um next up we
had the new biomes so 1.7 biomes are the
megataiga the clay thing the African
biomes of roofs forests set to etc so
most of those if not all I'm guessing
not all but most of them will be added
in 0.9 point 0 so that update I'm really
looking forward to anyway guys so if
you're not subscribed I hope you
subscribe for more minecraft partition
leave a like if you liked this video and
I will see you all in my next video